feat(platform/gitea): support draft PR (#16888)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

}
```

This option is evaluated at PR/MR creation time.

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
!!! note

>     GitLab and Gitea implements draft status by checking whether the PR's title starts with certain strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    GitLab and Gitea implement draft status by checking if the PR's title starts with certain strings.
```

- `Implement` is singular here
- Replace `whether` with `if`
